and so if you could help us, we would appreciate it.
Exodus chapter number three this evening.
Exodus chapter number three,
and we're familiar with the text of scripture,
the call of Moses that is given to us here
in Exodus chapter number three.
Of course, here on Wednesday evenings,
we've been dealing with the Bible study subject matter,
if you will, the names of God,
and we've had the opportunity, this is our seventh lesson,
and we've talked about those that know the name of the Lord.
He says, because he hath known my name in Psalm 91.
We read over also in Psalm nine,
where the Bible says that they that know my name,
they will put their trust in me,
and what a blessing it is that God has given to us
in his word revelation concerning himself, who he is,
and we've mentioned often about the names of God
through this study.
It's the seventh lesson, so it's been repeated often
that the names of God are provided to us
because God transcends us.
He's so great and so wonderful,
and each of his names provide us with revelation
concerning certain attributes or character traits,
if you will, about our God,
and last week, we looked at Jehovah Jireh,
the Lord who provides,
and we looked at that text of scripture,
and we understood that there in Genesis chapter 22,
as we read of the greatest test
that Abraham ever faced in his life,
that God provided,
and what a blessing to understand
how God provides for us as well.
We went through a whole list of things
in which we understood and made that application.
This evening, as we come to Exodus chapter number three,
the name Jehovah is first revealed to Moses
here in Exodus chapter number three.
We would say that Jehovah is the proper name of God.
That's what we would say.
We would say that because the name Jehovah
appears over 6,500 times in the Old Testament,
and I'll just think about that.
That's a lot of references,
and we find that the name Jehovah,
it means the self-existent one,
and the reality is that as we have an opportunity
to be able to hear and learn,
hey, Brother John, you wanna help them
with finding the class downstairs?
Do you wanna take him?
There's a class downstairs for his age.
Brother John Smith will help Brother John cope.
They're both John, and so they kinda looked at me like,
what John are you talking about, amen,
and got that problem when Ron and Ron
come to give an offering as well, or take an offering,
and so we look at this,
and we say that it's the self-existent one.
That's what the name Jehovah means.
The root word, the Hebrew root word for Jehovah is hayah,
and that literally means to be, to be.
Now, pause just for a moment
and understand the name Jehovah
to be the self-existent one.
Have you ever had anyone ask you who created God?
People will often try to bring that argument
into conversation, and you say, in the beginning, God.
Well, who created God?
No one created God, and the wonderful truth
that God gave to us in revealing to us
this great dynamic truth is that his name Jehovah
means the self-existent one.
It means to be.
He is, and what a joy to understand that great truth.
We find that the name is typically translated
in our Bibles, in the King James Bible,
as Lord, L-O-R-D, all caps.
Why is it done that way?
Well, the translators chose to translate it that way
with all capital L-O-R-D in order to distinguish
the difference between Jehovah and Adonai.
Adonai would be a capital L with a little O-R-D,
and it makes the distinction between the two names of God,
Jehovah and Adonai.
There are times in which you will see,
even as we dealt with it last week, Jehovah-Jireh,
there are many, many compound names of God
that include Jehovah.
We're gonna study a lot of them,
and we found, even as we looked last week,
Jehovah-Jireh, that compound name of our God.
We're here in Exodus chapter number three.
Let me just quote to you the truth
from Psalm 83 in verse 18.
It says that men may know that thou whose name alone
is Jehovah art the most high over all the earth.
Now, why do I use that verse this evening
by way of introduction?
Well, because the Bible tells us that men may know
that thou whose name alone is Jehovah,
and so we see the use of that word, that name Jehovah,
but then the Bible says art the most high
over all the earth.
You'll remember from several weeks ago
that we looked at that name of God, El Elyon,
the most high God, and so when we look at the names of God,
there are some that would try to offer
maybe this attack or this criticism
that there's some level of polytheism.
No, in fact, it very clearly teaches us
that there's just one God,
but all of the various attributes of who he is
and what he's capable of doing are revealed to us
through the many names.
Here in this verse of scripture in Psalm 83 in verse 18,
the name Jehovah and the name El Elyon are used
speaking of the same person, God, our Redeemer,
and revealing to us the truth
with regard that he is the Lord God Almighty.
Here in Exodus chapter three,
notice with me, if you will, in verse 13,
Moses said unto God,
I'm jumping in the middle of the context here,
and of course, God had appeared to Moses
in that bush that was burned with fire,
but it was not consumed according to verse number two,
and God gave Moses truth
with regard to what his plans were,
and we find that in verse number 13
that Moses responds to God and says,
behold, when I come unto the children of Israel
and shall say unto them,
the God of your fathers hath sent me unto you,
and they shall say to me,
notice what he says that they're gonna ask,
what is his name?
So Moses says, what shall I say unto them?
And God said unto Moses, I am that I am.
And he said, thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel,
I am hath sent me unto you.
We find that this revelation is given to us here
in Exodus chapter number three,
and we find that as the chapter goes on
and Moses offers excuses and objections
to the plan that God has,
and we find that there's an encounter
between Moses and Pharaoh,
and Moses at the end of chapter number five
really is quite discouraged,
for we find that at the end of chapter number five
in verse 23, notice what Moses says
as he's speaking to the Lord,
he says this, for since I came to Pharaoh
to speak in thy name,
he hath done evil to this people,
neither hast thou delivered thy people at all.
Moses in a place of really discouragement,
what he expected or how he expected things to work out
weren't working on his timeline according to his plan,
and so we find that Moses has this conversation
with the Lord, and then God speaks to Moses in chapter six,
and we see the progressive aspect of revelation,
where now in chapter number six,
we have the opportunity to learn a whole lot more
about Jehovah, this name that was initially given
in chapter three, now further information
provided in chapter six.
Notice in Exodus six in verse one,
then the Lord Jehovah said unto Moses,
now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh,
for with a strong hand shall he let them go,
and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land,
and God spake unto Moses and said unto him,
I am the Lord, and I appeared unto Abraham,
and unto Isaac, and unto Jacob
by the name of God Almighty.
We looked at that, did we not?
El Shaddai, he says, but by my name Jehovah
was I not known to them.
He didn't reveal that name until Exodus three.
The name Jehovah is used prior in the book of Genesis,
but it was used as Moses would write about Jehovah God,
not as God had revealed himself to the people
as Jehovah God.
So don't let that confuse you,
but we find that now as God is speaking to Moses here,
notice what he tells him in verse number four.
And I have also established my covenant with them
to give them the land of Canaan,
the land of their pilgrimage,
wherein they were strangers.
And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel
whom the Egyptians keep in bondage.
Notice, and I have remembered my covenant.
Jehovah is the covenant God.
We find that he mentions in verse number four
that he established my covenant with them.
He says in verse number five
that I have remembered my covenant,
but then notice this beautiful truth in verse number six.
Wherefore say unto the children of Israel,
I am the Lord and I will bring you out
from under the burdens of the Egyptians
and I will rid you out of their bondage.
Notice this phrase,
and I.
I will redeem you with a stretched-out arm
and with great judgments.
We see that phrase in v. 6
and we see really as God is revealing to Moses
in this single verse of Scripture
what God, Jehovah, is going to do
on delivering His people from Egyptian bondage,
from redeeming them.
And we find that He says plainly in v. 6,
I will redeem you with a stretched-out arm.
We understand the word redeemed,
it means to, or redeem,
it means to purchase back, to ransom.
And we find that God has given this truth.
Now, we understand with the nature of progressive revelation
that it wasn't simply that God was going to redeem
His people from Egyptian bondage,
but we understand the wonderful, beautiful truth
of redemption from sin and what Christ did for us.
And we'll make all those connections this evening
as we go through this study,
but we find that God is revealing this aspect
of His nature, His character,
what His plan is here to Moses.
Understand that in just a few chapters
after we would have the plagues beginning
and all that takes place, the Passover is instituted.
And we find that as God would institute the Passover
and as the children of Israel for centuries
would have the responsibility to observe the Passover, why?
Because it pointed to the fact that Messiah,
Redeemer, would come and He is our Passover.
What a joy.
Leviticus chapter number 16 addresses,
and we won't take the time to read the text,
but in Leviticus chapter 16,
you'll find that specifically what is addressed
in that chapter is the day of atonement.
And we know that throughout the book of Leviticus,
there's much given to us with regard to the sacrifices
and all of the processes and what have you.
But when we kind of zero in specifically on chapter 16,
it's dealing with the day of atonement.
It's interesting that in that text of Scripture,
God's name is used 12 times.
In every single time, it's Jehovah, Jehovah.
There's a connection with redemption.
It's a beautiful truth.
And as you think about Leviticus 16 and the day of atonement
and all that Israel would do on that day,
and of course, the only day during the year
in which the high priest could enter
into the holy of holies.
And he had to go in first with blood for his own sin
because he himself was a sinner.
And then he'd go in with the sacrifice for the people.
And we understand, and what beautiful picture,
but if you fast forward and you read Hebrews chapter nine
and Hebrews chapter number 10,
and you have the privilege of being able to read
and understand how Jesus Christ, our great high priest,
how that he fulfilled all that was necessary
for our redemption, how that he went in
and he provided for us, he made that sacrifice of himself.
Remember, he didn't have to go in with any sacrifice
for his own sin, why?
Because he is sinless, he is pure, he is holy.
And what a beautiful picture.
And then you have the fulfillment of it
in Hebrews nine and chapter number 10.
And what a joy to see how that the writer
of the book of Hebrews has such connection
with what we read in the Old Testament
with all of the laws.
And you read chapter number 10 and the Bible says
that the law having a shadow of good things to come,
the law could never save.
It simply pointed man to Christ.
It's our schoolmaster, according to the book of Galatians.
And what a blessing to see how all of this
is laid out for us.
We find that as we look at this truth of redemption
and we see the connection with God's name, Jehovah,
with redemption that here in Exodus chapter number three,
where we started this evening,
that there is a direct connection with that name, I am.
Isn't that a wonderful declaration?
I am that I am.
You tell them that I am sent you.
We will note as we study through the book of John
how that the Lord Jesus Christ, God in flesh,
used the name I am.
And he used it regularly.
He used it repeatedly.
It proves to us, it helps us to understand
the reality of the deity of Christ.
It also helps us to understand
the beautiful truth of the Trinity.
And we find this evening that as we look here
at God's name, Jehovah, and as we understand
the truth of I am and the truth of redemption,
we look to the book of John this evening.
And look in John, I'm gonna note first
the two references in the book of John
where Jesus specifically just uses the name I am.
First, look in John chapter number eight.
In John chapter number eight,
the Lord Jesus Christ is giving discourse
and all sorts of things are taking place
as he's dealing with these religious rulers of the day.
And they make claims and accusations and so on and so forth.
And as Jesus is having these interactions,
we find and we'll jump to the end of the text
in verse number 54, Jesus answers and he says,
if I honor myself, my honor is nothing.
It is my father that honoreth me
of whom you say that he is your God.
Yet you have not known him, but I know him.
And if I should say I know him not,
I should be a liar like unto you,
but I know him and keep his saying.
You know, it's really interesting what Jesus says
in verse 55 as a side note, bar it for free tonight.
He said he liked it when I said that before.
But as a side note,
notice what Jesus says to these religious leaders.
You have not known him.
You know what's interesting about the religious leaders?
They knew a lot about God, but they didn't know him.
Oh, they had all kinds of,
they could quote all kinds of verses.
I mean, they could come out with all kinds of rules
and they had all the things you couldn't do on the Sabbath
and all sorts of things going on.
But Jesus Christ says, you don't know him.
Oh, we need to know him in a deep and intimate way.
And when we know him, according to Psalm 91 and Psalm 9,
we will trust him.
Jesus says, you've not known him.
Notice in verse 56,
your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day
and he saw it and was glad.
Then said the Jews unto him, thou are not yet 50 years old
and hast thou seen Abraham?
Notice what Jesus says.
Verily, verily, I say unto you,
before Abraham was, I am.
What a statement.
I mean, what a declaration.
And listen, I understand many people today,
they'll run around and they'll say,
Jesus never claimed to be God.
The Jews in this passage of scripture,
they knew exactly what Jesus was claiming
when he said, before Abraham was, I am.
How do we know that they knew that this was a claim to deity?
Well, because they took up stones to cast at him.
They're ready to kill him in verse number 59.
What a declaration.
And we see the connection from the Old Testament
to the Lord Jesus Christ where God's proper name
in the Old Testament, Jehovah, I am.
Lord, and Jesus says, before Abraham was, I am.
Wow, what a great truth.
Notice in John chapter number 18,
and then we'll kind of circle back
and look at some other statements
that Jesus makes here in the gospel of John.
But look in John chapter 18, if you will.
And we find that here that Jesus is there
and he's at the place that was a place
where he regularly went.
In fact, as it says in verse number eight,
verse number one, excuse me,
when Jesus had spoken these words,
he went forth with his disciples over the brook Kedron,
which where it was a garden,
into the which he entered in his disciples.
And Judas also, which betrayed him,
notice what it says, knew the place,
for Jesus oft times resorted thither with his disciples.
Brother Sammy and I have had the opportunity
to talk much about the Garden of Gethsemane.
What a great place.
I remember sitting there and being in that place
when we had the privilege of going over to Israel
a couple of years ago.
And we have on our end table in our living room,
a picture of Holly and I sitting on a bench in the garden,
and it says, best trip ever, or something of that nature.
And what a joy it was to sit in that place.
I would say to you that you never have to actually
go to that place to understand the significance of it,
but I did, and I counted a great privilege and joy
to be able to have been there personally.
And we find that Judas knew the place
because Jesus, he went there often.
When he was in Jerusalem,
it was a place that he often went to.
The Bible says in verse three,
Judas then having received a band of men
and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees,
cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.
And it says, Jesus, therefore knowing all things
that should come upon him, went forth and said unto them,
notice what Jesus says, whom seek ye?
Now, did Jesus know who they were seeking?
Of course he did, he's God.
But he says, whom seek ye?
The Bible says they answered, Jesus of Nazareth.
And Jesus said unto them, he said.
the words that he said are, I am, that's what he says, I am. Now as soon as he said
that, the Bible tells us that, and Judas also has portrayed him, stood
with them. As soon then as he said unto them, I am, they went backward and fell
to the ground. And then Jesus asks again, Whom seek ye? He said, I am. I am. What a
great connection that we see. The Gospel of John, not only does Jesus on these two
occasions in John 8 58 and in John 18 and verse 5 use the the name I am,
referring to himself and proving deity and the understanding of the Trinity, we
find that he mentions throughout the book, I am, first of all, the bread of
life. In John chapter number 6 verse 35, and really throughout the chapter,
there's many references in John chapter number 6, and he says, notice in verse 35,
and Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never
hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. Isn't that a wonderful
declaration that Jesus gives? I am the bread of life. A text of scripture, John
chapter 6, that's often misinterpreted and misapplied, but such powerful truth
that Jesus gives us with regard to who he is. And he says that he that cometh to
me, he that believeth on me, by the way, he says that repeatedly before he ever
says eat or drink, and there's significance in that. These people, they,
in Capernaum, they were resisting and they were murmuring and they did not
understand what it meant for them to come or to believe, and Jesus very
plainly says you have to eat and you have to drink, you have to come and
believe, and that's how he illustrates it for them. We find that in John chapter
8, in verse number 12, Jesus says I am the light of the world. I am the light of
the world. Notice in John 8, we find that it's in this passage of scripture in
which they are seeking the Lord to put to death a woman that was taken and
adultery in the very act according to what they say in verse number 4, but the
book of Leviticus in the 20th chapter would make it plain that both parties
would be guilty of being stoned, not simply the woman. We find that Jesus
after kneeling down and stooping, it says in verse number 8, in writing on the
ground, they went one by one, each of the accusers went away, and Jesus says where
are those nine accusers, and he then says neither do I condemn thee, go and sin no
more, but then Jesus after that interaction spake and he says in verse
number 12, I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in
darkness, but shall have the light of life. You know, we live in a dark world,
but Jesus is the light. Not only is Jesus the light of the world, he said I am the
light of the world, but he gives us his word that is a light. It's a lamp. I read
just recently an illustration that someone used, I've never personally used
night vision goggles, but maybe some of you have at some point in your life, and
they were giving this example of having to go through in the pitch black this
obstacle course, and it would be absolutely impossible for someone to be
able to do it until they equipped each participant with night vision goggles,
and then all of a sudden an impossible task became possible because they could
see with those night vision goggles just like it were day. I've never worn them, I've
never experienced it, but I understand the illustration that was being made that we
live in a dark world, but Jesus is the light of the world, and he has given to
us his word, and we can live a life that's pleasing to the Lord. We can walk
in the light as he is in the light. What a joy that is. We find in John chapter 10
Jesus says, I am the door. I am the door. What is he signaling to us?
What is he expressing to us through making this declaration in verse number
seven? No, here in John chapter number 10 he says, Verily, verily, I say to you, I am
the door of the sheep. He says again in verse number nine, I am the door. By me if
any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture. He
is the only way. He says, I am the door. Oh, you must come. We see the connection
with redemption, by the way, with several of these I am statements, and the truth
of the Old Testament, God saying, I will redeem you, speaking with his name
Jehovah. We find here that he says, I am the door. He says in the same passage,
just a few verses later, I am the good shepherd. Notice in verse number 11 he
says, I am the good shepherd. What does the good shepherd do? Well, the good
shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. He will say later in verse 15, As the
Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father, and I lay down my life for the
sheep. He says in verse 16, and other sheep I have which are not of this fold.
You know, it's amazing, I don't have time to develop this, the truth this evening, but
in verse number 16, you know what he's talking about? He's talking about the Gentiles. He's
talking about us. I have other sheep. He's talking about the Jews earlier in the
passage of Scripture, but the other sheep, that's the Gentiles, and I'm so thankful
that we've been grafted in, and we find that here it says, them also I must bring,
and they shall hear my voice, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd.
That's the mystery of the church. Jew and Gentile all saved the same way in one.
The church, glory to God. It's amazing. He says in verse 18, remember in verse 15,
he says, I lay down my life for the sheep. In verse 18, no man taketh it from me,
but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again.
This commandment have I received of my Father. Man, I'm so thankful that Jesus laid down
his life for me, and I'm so thankful that he took it up again. Amen? He rose, conquering
sin, death, and the grave. We're getting ready in just a few weeks to celebrate Resurrection
Sunday, Easter Sunday, and oh, what a joy. We sing those songs. They're songs that we
should be singing all year long. He lives. He lives. I serve a risen Savior. Amen? Up
from the grave, he arose. Isn't that a fun song to sing? I mean, listen, we serve a risen Savior.
Hallelujah. He says this, I am the resurrection and the life. In John chapter 11 and verse 25,
after dealing with Mary and Martha who are overwhelmed, he's speaking to Martha specifically
here. Mary's not yet had the interaction with him, but overwhelmed with great grief over the fact
that Lazarus has died. They knew that Jesus could do something. They said, if you had been here,
our brother would not die. And he says, I'm the resurrection and the life. Just a little while
later, he says, move that stone, and Martha objects. He's been dead for four days. Surely
he stinketh is what she says. He said, roll that stone back. Lazarus, come forth. And guess what?
Lazarus came walking out of that grave. I am the resurrection and the life. Listen,
Lazarus died again, okay? But there's a resurrection that we're going to enjoy,
and there's not going to be any more death for us. Amen? Christ is the first fruits,
1 Corinthians chapter 15. And we can rejoice this evening in knowing that we will be raised,
that this corruptible shall put on incorruption, that this mortal shall put on immortality.
Why? Because Jesus, the great I am, as he makes the statements and shows us the deity and the
trinity in the gospel of John, he says, I am the resurrection and the life. A verse that many of
us could quote John 14 and verse number six, he makes three statements there. I am the way,
the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the Father but by me. Amen? Praise the Lord.
I am the way, the truth, and the life. Aren't you thankful that someone told you about Jesus?
I mean, honestly, could you imagine where we'd be? Man. But somebody cared enough to tell us
about Jesus. Someone cared enough to tell us about Jesus. In just a few weeks on Sunday morning,
I'm going to be preaching about the truth that God has given to us, the ministry of reconciliation,
that we are his ambassadors at the end of 2 Corinthians chapter number five. What a joy
to be engaged. What privilege is ours to tell a lost and dying world the truth that Jesus is the
way, the truth, and the life. In John 15, we sang tonight, abide in me. John 15, in verse number one,
Jesus says, I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman. Every branch in me that
beareth not fruit, he taketh away, and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it. Why?
That it may bring forth more fruit. Now you're clean through the word which I have spoken unto
you. Abide in me, and I in you, as the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide
in the vine. No more can ye except ye abide in me. I am the vine.
Ye are the branches.
By the way, it's a good thing for us to keep that in the right order.
Amen?
Sometimes we start thinking like we're the vine.
We are not the vine.
Help me tonight.
We got to keep it in the right perspective, in the right order.
Jesus said, I am the vine, ye are the branches.
Sometimes we can get messed up.
We can get kind of big headed, right, prideful.
He says this, he that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit
for without me ye can do nothing.
I'm thankful this evening for the truth and the connection between what God gives to Moses
in Exodus chapter 3 and further revelation in Exodus chapter 6 with regard to Jehovah
I am.
And then we make the connection.
And we can look at so many verses in the Old Testament, I mean, again, over 6,500 times
that the name Jehovah is used in the Old Testament.
We can look at verses after verses after verses to understand the impact that it had on the
people of God.
The prophet Isaiah uses the name regularly throughout the book and you find so many references
in this evening as we would understand the connection to the Lord Jesus Christ, our Lord
and Savior and what he did on that cross.
And then as he rose conquering sin, death, and the grave and the fulfillment that we
see in Hebrews chapter 9 and 10, the picture from the Old Testament day of atonement, how
we should rejoice this evening.
And the reality tonight is that when we understand Jehovah I am to be the self-existent one,
we don't have to get flustered by the question, who created God?
It's a silly question.
God created all things.
God is.
He is the self-existent one.
In fact, I remember having a conversation with someone at some point in the past and
they were being a little critical about the fact that, you know, we typically just refer
to God as God or the Lord or something like that.
We don't use some of his proper names and they were talking about some of the proper
names and I asked them, well, what does Jehovah mean?
And they didn't even know.
They didn't even know what it meant.
The self-existent one, the one who is.
He is the present God.
Think about this just for a moment this evening.
The one who is the self-existent God, the one who his name means to be, he is in the
present tense and he is all that you need.
And that's important for us to understand.
I preached a message at the end of last year, it was the introductory message for our study
this year on God's grace is sufficient and I kind of hammered the point on that Sunday
morning that God's grace is sufficient.
And I repeatedly, repeatedly in that message focused on that little word is.
Because in the moment that you need God's grace, God's grace is sufficient.
It's not that God said my grace was sufficient.
It's not that God says my grace will be sufficient.
He is always in the present tense and he says my grace is sufficient.
He's all I need.
There's a little chorus.
It's not in our song book, a little chorus I remember singing years ago, Christ is all
I need.
And it's just a little chorus.
I think there might be like five other words other than Christ is all I need in the whole
chorus.
But it's just that reminder that truly he's all I need.
He is the Lord God Almighty.
He is Jehovah, the self-existent one.
And this evening, whatever it is that you need, someone said it this way, when God said
I am, he said I am whatever you need me to be, I am.
And I think that's a nice little statement.
Whatever you need tonight, Jehovah.
We'll look at a number of the other names, especially those compound names that reveal
to us God is the Lord, our peace, the Lord who provides, the Lord who heals, the Lord...
I mean, go on and on and on and what joy in knowing this proper name of God, Jehovah.
Let's pray together.
Father, how we love you.
We thank you for loving us.
We thank you for your word and we thank you for the truth that you've revealed to us.
We thank you for the beauty of your word and the fulfillment and how we can go from passage
to passage.
You said that no scriptures of any private interpretation, no were to compare scripture
with scripture.
And God, we thank you for the truth that you have given to us in the New Testament as a
fulfillment of that which you had previously revealed in the Old Testament.
We thank you, God, for redemption.
Thank you for redeeming the nation of Israel from Egyptian bondage.
But this evening, more importantly, we thank you for redeeming us from the penalty of sin.
What a joy to know as we would have the privilege of singing redeemed, how I love to proclaim
it, redeemed by the blood of the Lamb.
Lord, I thank you and I praise you and I pray that you'd help us, Lord, to be busy about
telling others about you, the way, the truth, and the life.
Bless our time of prayer.
We pray that you'd be honored and glorified.
And for it's in Christ's name we pray, amen.